hi today i want to make a video for you
He on two means for nails one ok
smart enamel
super drying and second remedy for asus
top coating for quick drying
varnish
Here they are on the super drying and the second from
from the top cover for fast
varnish drying here just want to say
Here is the means of clever enamel I did not
I liked it because in the first place
some butter from such picket to all this
somehow not very convenient to apply for
drying varnish authors when I applied even
in the morning I applied in the evening even in the morning
Well , somehow not dried up because the arm
your elbow
I did not see the result even in the morning as
I even had nunca te printed in this one
finger in this elbow which has not dried
so I do not advise this tool well
certainly not very expensive but something can be
This budget does not buy but the series and the second
medium from with coating top for
quick drying varnish here it is this
I really liked the text but it
looks like a fist
such a brush is not very wide
and but in principle acceptable for such
varnish type
watery not like smart enamel
liquid but also a prayer after all as oil
on strengthening goes as soon as take
my not noticed
used literally a couple of times and somehow
not this effect I really liked and
then I don’t even know maybe
throw it away and here is this remedy against
we are very decent good to me
I like how he dried his nails lacquer
very well makes varnish more sustainable
gives glamorous shine to dry it out
Five seconds, well, maybe not in 30
seconds, but it dries dry
fast enough that is literally there
five minutes have passed shipments I painted
nails and on top here this little thing and nails u
I have already been
on the nails already dried so I advise everyone
Now that's it's creed drei
the cat is a cat that way much
cheaper is much cheaper than super
smart enamel shavings
all thanks for watching all bye bye